Running verification for component 'berkshelf'
Running verification for component 'test-kitchen'
Running verification for component 'tk-policyfile-provisioner'
Running verification for component 'chef-client'
Running verification for component 'chef-dk'
Running verification for component 'chef-provisioning'
Running verification for component 'chefspec'
Running verification for component 'generated-cookbooks-pass-chefspec'
Running verification for component 'rubocop'
Running verification for component 'fauxhai'
Running verification for component 'knife-spork'
Running verification for component 'kitchen-vagrant'
Running verification for component 'package installation'
Running verification for component 'openssl'
Running verification for component 'inspec'
Running verification for component 'delivery-cli'
Running verification for component 'git'
Running verification for component 'opscode-pushy-client'
Running verification for component 'chef-sugar'
.........................
---------------------------------------------
Verification of component 'rubocop' succeeded.
Verification of component 'kitchen-vagrant' succeeded.
Verification of component 'openssl' succeeded.
Verification of component 'delivery-cli' succeeded.
Verification of component 'opscode-pushy-client' succeeded.
Verification of component 'berkshelf' succeeded.
Verification of component 'tk-policyfile-provisioner' succeeded.
Verification of component 'fauxhai' succeeded.
Verification of component 'inspec' succeeded.
Verification of component 'test-kitchen' succeeded.
Verification of component 'chef-dk' succeeded.
Verification of component 'knife-spork' succeeded.
Verification of component 'git' succeeded.
Verification of component 'chef-client' succeeded.
Verification of component 'chefspec' succeeded.
Verification of component 'chef-sugar' succeeded.
Verification of component 'generated-cookbooks-pass-chefspec' succeeded.
Verification of component 'chef-provisioning' succeeded.
Verification of component 'package installation' succeeded.
